README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  <img src="assets/logo.svg" alt="Aura Click logo" width="64">
  <br>
  Aura Click (Preview)
</h1>

<div align="center">

  [![CI](https://github.com/RyanLua/AuraClick/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/RyanLua/AuraClick/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
  [![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/fluentautoclicker/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/auraclick)
  [![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.com/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FRyanLua%2FAuraClick.svg?type=shield&issueType=license)](https://app.fossa.com/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FRyanLua%2FAuraClick?ref=badge_shield&issueType=license)

</div>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This app is currently in developer preview and not publicly available. To install this app as a developer, [see the build instructions](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

A high-performance modern auto clicker for Windows. Automate mouse clicks with a hotkey and customize click intervals, click types, and more.

<p align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" width="500" srcset="assets/screenshot-dark.png">
    <img width="500" src="assets/screenshot-light.png">
  </picture>
  <br>
  <br>
  <!-- <a href="https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9P567Q0980BH?referrer=appbadge&mode=full">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" width="200" srcset="https://get.microsoft.com/images/en-us%20light.svg">
      <img width="200" src="https://get.microsoft.com/images/en-us%20dark.svg">
    </picture>
  </a> -->
</p>

## 🌐 Translating

Help us translate Aura Click into more languages! Join our [Crowdin project](https://crowdin.com/project/auraclick) and start contributing translations.

## 👏 Contributing

We welcome contributions from everyone. Before contributing, read the [contribution guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

When you're ready, [make your first contribution](https://github.com/RyanLua/AuraClick/contribute) to this repository by tackling an issue.

## 💖 Sponsors

Help support this app by [sponsoring us](https://github.com/sponsors/RyanLua) to support it's development and future updates.

## 🪪 License

Aura Click is released under the [GNU General Public License v3.0](COPYING.md).

> A high-performance modern auto clicker for Windows.
>
> Copyright © 2025 Ryan Luu
>
> Aura Click is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
>
> Aura Click is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
>
> You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with Aura Click. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.com/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FRyanLua%2FAuraClick.svg?type=large&issueType=license)](https://app.fossa.com/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FRyanLua%2FAuraClick?ref=badge_large&issueType=license)

Commit message:

Revise developer preview installation notice
Updated installation instructions for beta testers.

Signed-off-by: Ryan Luu <ryan.luu@ryanluu.dev>

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  <img src="assets/logo.svg" alt="Aura Click logo" width="64">
  <br>
  Aura Click (Preview)
</h1>

<div align="center">

  [![CI](https://github.com/RyanLua/AuraClick/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/RyanLua/AuraClick/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
  [![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/fluentautoclicker/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/auraclick)
  [![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.com/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FRyanLua%2FAuraClick.svg?type=shield&issueType=license)](https://app.fossa.com/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FRyanLua%2FAuraClick?ref=badge_shield&issueType=license)

</div>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This app is currently in developer preview and not publicly available. Become a beta tester by emailing [`testers@auraclick.app`](mailto:testers@auraclick.app).

A high-performance modern auto clicker for Windows. Automate mouse clicks with a hotkey and customize click intervals, click types, and more.

<p align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" width="500" srcset="assets/screenshot-dark.png">
    <img width="500" src="assets/screenshot-light.png">
  </picture>
  <br>
  <br>
  <!-- <a href="https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9P567Q0980BH?referrer=appbadge&mode=full">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" width="200" srcset="https://get.microsoft.com/images/en-us%20light.svg">
      <img width="200" src="https://get.microsoft.com/images/en-us%20dark.svg">
    </picture>
  </a> -->
</p>

## 🌐 Translating

Help us translate Aura Click into more languages! Join our [Crowdin project](https://crowdin.com/project/auraclick) and start contributing translations.

## 👏 Contributing

We welcome contributions from everyone. Before contributing, read the [contribution guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

When you're ready, [make your first contribution](https://github.com/RyanLua/AuraClick/contribute) to this repository by tackling an issue.

## 💖 Sponsors

Help support this app by [sponsoring us](https://github.com/sponsors/RyanLua) to support it's development and future updates.

## 🪪 License

Aura Click is released under the [GNU General Public License v3.0](COPYING.md).

> A high-performance modern auto clicker for Windows.
>
> Copyright © 2025 Ryan Luu
>
> Aura Click is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
>
> Aura Click is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
>
> You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with Aura Click. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.com/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FRyanLua%2FAuraClick.svg?type=large&issueType=license)](https://app.fossa.com/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FRyanLua%2FAuraClick?ref=badge_large&issueType=license)
